---
title: "AR for security"
layout: default
permalink: projects/ARsecurity/
---

Last modified: 9/4/2014 12:45:40 PM 

Information
============

The AR project simplifies security interaction with wireless devices by using Augmented reality. The AR engine in a mobile device shows the proximate location and type of device superimposed to the current video. The user can then get more information or perform action with these devices

The project contains three components. 

1. The collection engine
2. The API server
3. The consuming engine

The Collection engine
===================
The collection engine creates POST to the main website for content. The current collection engine utilizes [Kismet](https://www.kismetwireless.net/), and a custom Kismet client. The code of the custom Kismet client can be found [Here-TODO]()

The API server
=================
The API server is live right now and created using [Eve API](http://python-eve.org/). This simplifies creating the REST API. The API is automatically generated by uploading an API template. The current API template can be found [here](). Eve also allows to add custom code to detect events, such a POST or a PUT. This is usuful for generating commands. Commands generated will be available through a different API entry point. 
Currently the API resides in an Ubuntu server on amazon EC2, but it could be deployed in a different ways, including PaaS platforms such as Heroku

	TODO: create documentation for API usage
	TODO: create a proof of concept API server

The Consuming Engine
============
The consuming engine generates GET request for the information presented, and POST request to perform action in the API. We created an Android PoC. The PoC resides [here]()


  

